                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        10:07 AM 9/24/2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SATURDAY
                                                                                  SDLC (Software development life cycle).


                             
       -One of the fundamental procedures of development software in a step by step manner is by following the SDLC.
       
       -full name - Software Development Life Cycle.S
       
       
       The various phases of SDLC are explained below :
       
       Phase-1      :         Requirement Collection or Planning Phase
                                    
                                     The prime focus of this phase is to gather the essential requirements from the customer.
                                     This information gets collected by the buisness analyst from their target customer and plans the BRS.
                                     BRS - Buisness requirement Specification.


       
       Phase-2      :         Defining or Feasibility Study Phase 

                                     There are another set of employees like Human resource, finance analyst, architect, a buisness analyst as well as
                                     project manager will sit jointly discuss as well as analyze how to proceed and whether it is feasible and posiible 
                                     in the allotted budget.
                                     Such decision are taken depending on the cost, resource, time, etc.
                                     SRS  -  Software requirement Specification.


     Phase-3       :         Designing phase
 
                                    This phase is when the design specification is organized from the prerequisite document when the project is 
                                    approved to go further.
                                    requirements of your system as well as assist in crafting a significant architecture of your system.


    Phase-4       :          Building or Coding Phase

                                   As you are preparing with the design document, this phase deals with the developers to start writing
                                   the code or prepare for the engineering so that a prototype of the product can be created using some 
                                   specific tools and techniques. this is longest phase of SDLC.

      
  Phase-5       :          Testing phase

                                 It needs test engineers to check for bugs and run time errors, and check in this phase whether
                                 the functionality of the product is working as per the requirement or not.
                                 this is an iteractive process that continues until your application is free from bugs and defects and works
                                 stably.



 Phase-6      :          Deployment Phase
 
                                Once your prototype or product is developed, tested, and completely in working from as per the requirement 
                                and then it is installed or deployed in the customer's workplace or system for their use.

 Phase-7     :          Maintenence Phase

                               This phase does not come under the count of SDLC. 
                               The developer fixes the issue, and software testers test the product and hand it over the back to the customer. 
        
                                
                                   
              
       